Adding Entra ID to Oauth (#5909)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/external-oauth.md

1. From the **App registration page**, click **New registration**.
2. Give the app a name that will uniquely identify it as the client app.
3. Ensure **Supported account types** is set to “Accounts in this organizational directory only (`Org name` - Single Tenant).” 
4. Set the **Redirect URI** to **Web** and copy/paste the **Redirect URI** from dbt Cloud into the field.
5. Click **Register**.
6. From the app page, click **API permissions from the left menu, and click **Add permission**.
7. From the pop-out screen, click **APIs my organization uses and search for the resource server name from the previous steps and click it.
8. Ensure the box for the **Permissions** `session:role-any` is checked and click **Add permissions.
9. Click **Grant admin consent** and from the popup modal click **Yes**.
10. From the left menu, click **Certificates and secrets**. Click **New client secret**. Name the secret, set an expiration, and click **Add**. **Note**: Microsoft does not allow “forever” as an expiration. The maximum time is two years. It’s important to document the expiration date so that the secret can be refreshed before the expiration or user authorization will fail. 

> 11. Record the **Value** for use in a future step and record it immediately. Once you navigate away from this screen, this value will not be displayed again.

Author: ```suggestion
11. Record the **Value** for use in a future step and record it immediately. _Once you navigate away from this screen, this value will not be displayed again._
```

8. From the same screen, click **Add scope.**
    1. Give the scope a name.
    2. Set “Who can consent?” to **Admins and users**
    3. Set **Admin consent display name** session:role-any and give it a description.
    4. Ensure **State** is set to **Enabled**
    5. Click **Add scope**

### 2. Create a client app

1. From the **App registration page**, click **New registration**
2. Give the app a name that will uniquely identify it as the client app
3. Ensure **Supported account types** is set to “Accounts in this organizational directory only (`Org name` - Single Tenant)” 
4. Set the **Redirect URI** to **Web** and copy/paste the **Redirect URI** from dbt Cloud into the field.
5. Click **Register**
6. From the app page, click **API permissions from the left menu, and click **Add permission**
7. From the pop-out screen, click **APIs my organization uses and search for the resource server name from the previous steps and click it.
8. Ensure the box for the **Permissions** `session:role-any` is checked and click **Add permissions.

> 9. . Click **Grant admin consent** and from the popup modal click **Yes**

Author: ```suggestion
9. Click **Grant admin consent** and from the popup modal click **Yes**
```

> 10. From the left menu, click **Certidicates and secrets**. Click **New client secret**. Name the secret, set an expiration, and click **Add**. **Note**: Microsoft does not allow “forever” as an expiration. The maximum time is two years. It’s important to document the expiration date so that the secret can be refreshed before the expiration or user authorization will fail. 

Author: ```suggestion
10. From the left menu, click **Certificates and secrets**. Click **New client secret**. Name the secret, set an expiration, and click **Add**. **Note**: Microsoft does not allow “forever” as an expiration. The maximum time is two years. It’s important to document the expiration date so that the secret can be refreshed before the expiration or user authorization will fail. 
```

> 11. Record the **Value** for use in a future step and record it immediately. Once you navigate away from this screen, this value will not be displayed again.

Author: ```suggestion
11. Record the **Value** for use in a future step and record it immediately. _Once you navigate away from this screen, this value will not be displayed again._
```

### 3. Snowflake configuration

> You’re going to be going back-and-forth between the Entra ID site and Snowflake. Keep your Entra ID account open for this process. 

Author: ```suggestion
You will be going back and forth between the Entra ID site and Snowflake. Keep your Entra ID account open for this process. 
```
